1345405136
AddColumnsToUsers	/home/nathana/Downloads/oxstormrider-Fakebook-47bbcd5/db/migrate/20120815183247_add_columns_to_users.rb	class AddColumnsToUsers 
AddCriador	/home/nathana/Downloads/oxstormrider-Fakebook-47bbcd5/db/migrate/20120819193750_add_criador.rb	class AddCriador 
Application	/home/nathana/Downloads/oxstormrider-Fakebook-47bbcd5/config/application.rb	  class Application 
ApplicationController	/home/nathana/Downloads/oxstormrider-Fakebook-47bbcd5/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	class ApplicationController 
ApplicationHelper	/home/nathana/Downloads/oxstormrider-Fakebook-47bbcd5/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	module ApplicationHelper
BrowsingTest	/home/nathana/Downloads/oxstormrider-Fakebook-47bbcd5/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	class BrowsingTest 
CreateProfiles	/home/nathana/Downloads/oxstormrider-Fakebook-47bbcd5/db/migrate/20120802224816_create_profiles.rb	class CreateProfiles 
CreateRelationships	/home/nathana/Downloads/oxstormrider-Fakebook-47bbcd5/db/migrate/20120814120857_create_relationships.rb	class CreateRelationships 
DeviseCreateUsers	/home/nathana/Downloads/oxstormrider-Fakebook-47bbcd5/db/migrate/20120802222812_devise_create_users.rb	class DeviseCreateUsers 
ErrorMessagesHelper	/home/nathana/Downloads/oxstormrider-Fakebook-47bbcd5/app/helpers/error_messages_helper.rb	module ErrorMessagesHelper
EventosController	/home/nathana/Downloads/oxstormrider-Fakebook-47bbcd5/app/controllers/eventos_controller.rb	class EventosController 
Fakebook	/home/nathana/Downloads/oxstormrider-Fakebook-47bbcd5/config/application.rb	module Fakebook
FormBuilderAdditions	/home/nathana/Downloads/oxstormrider-Fakebook-47bbcd5/app/helpers/error_messages_helper.rb	  module FormBuilderAdditions
HomeController	/home/nathana/Downloads/oxstormrider-Fakebook-47bbcd5/app/controllers/home_controller.rb	class HomeController 
HomeControllerTest	/home/nathana/Downloads/oxstormrider-Fakebook-47bbcd5/test/functional/home_controller_test.rb	class HomeControllerTest 
HomeHelper	/home/nathana/Downloads/oxstormrider-Fakebook-47bbcd5/app/helpers/home_helper.rb	module HomeHelper
HomeHelperTest	/home/nathana/Downloads/oxstormrider-Fakebook-47bbcd5/test/unit/helpers/home_helper_test.rb	class HomeHelperTest 
LayoutHelper	/home/nathana/Downloads/oxstormrider-Fakebook-47bbcd5/app/helpers/layout_helper.rb	module LayoutHelper
OmniauthCallbacksController	/home/nathana/Downloads/oxstormrider-Fakebook-47bbcd5/app/controllers/users/omniauth_callbacks_controller.rb	class Users::OmniauthCallbacksController 
ParticipacaoEventosController	/home/nathana/Downloads/oxstormrider-Fakebook-47bbcd5/app/controllers/participacao_eventos_controller.rb	class ParticipacaoEventosController 
Profile	/home/nathana/Downloads/oxstormrider-Fakebook-47bbcd5/app/models/profile.rb	class Profile 
ProfileTest	/home/nathana/Downloads/oxstormrider-Fakebook-47bbcd5/test/unit/profile_test.rb	class ProfileTest 
ProfilesController	/home/nathana/Downloads/oxstormrider-Fakebook-47bbcd5/app/controllers/profiles_controller.rb	class ProfilesController 
ProfilesControllerTest	/home/nathana/Downloads/oxstormrider-Fakebook-47bbcd5/test/functional/profiles_controller_test.rb	class ProfilesControllerTest 
ProfilesHelper	/home/nathana/Downloads/oxstormrider-Fakebook-47bbcd5/app/helpers/profiles_helper.rb	module ProfilesHelper
ProfilesHelperTest	/home/nathana/Downloads/oxstormrider-Fakebook-47bbcd5/test/unit/helpers/profiles_helper_test.rb	class ProfilesHelperTest 
RegistrationsController	/home/nathana/Downloads/oxstormrider-Fakebook-47bbcd5/app/controllers/registrations_controller.rb	class RegistrationsController 
RegistrationsControllerTest	/home/nathana/Downloads/oxstormrider-Fakebook-47bbcd5/test/functional/registrations_controller_test.rb	class RegistrationsControllerTest 
RegistrationsHelper	/home/nathana/Downloads/oxstormrider-Fakebook-47bbcd5/app/helpers/registrations_helper.rb	module RegistrationsHelper
RegistrationsHelperTest	/home/nathana/Downloads/oxstormrider-Fakebook-47bbcd5/test/unit/helpers/registrations_helper_test.rb	class RegistrationsHelperTest 
Relationship	/home/nathana/Downloads/oxstormrider-Fakebook-47bbcd5/app/models/relationship.rb	class Relationship 
RelationshipTest	/home/nathana/Downloads/oxstormrider-Fakebook-47bbcd5/test/unit/relationship_test.rb	class RelationshipTest 
RelationshipsController	/home/nathana/Downloads/oxstormrider-Fakebook-47bbcd5/app/controllers/relationships_controller.rb	class RelationshipsController 
RelationshipsControllerTest	/home/nathana/Downloads/oxstormrider-Fakebook-47bbcd5/test/functional/relationships_controller_test.rb	class RelationshipsControllerTest 
RelationshipsHelper	/home/nathana/Downloads/oxstormrider-Fakebook-47bbcd5/app/helpers/relationships_helper.rb	module RelationshipsHelper
RelationshipsHelperTest	/home/nathana/Downloads/oxstormrider-Fakebook-47bbcd5/test/unit/helpers/relationships_helper_test.rb	class RelationshipsHelperTest 
TestCase	/home/nathana/Downloads/oxstormrider-Fakebook-47bbcd5/test/test_helper.rb	class ActiveSupport::TestCase
User	/home/nathana/Downloads/oxstormrider-Fakebook-47bbcd5/app/models/user.rb	class User 
UserTest	/home/nathana/Downloads/oxstormrider-Fakebook-47bbcd5/test/unit/user_test.rb	class UserTest 
after_sign_up_path_for	/home/nathana/Downloads/oxstormrider-Fakebook-47bbcd5/app/controllers/registrations_controller.rb	  def after_sign_up_path_for(resource)
after_sign_up_path_for	/home/nathana/Downloads/oxstormrider-Fakebook-47bbcd5/app/controllers/users/omniauth_callbacks_controller.rb	  def after_sign_up_path_for(resource)
change	/home/nathana/Downloads/oxstormrider-Fakebook-47bbcd5/db/migrate/20120802222812_devise_create_users.rb	  def change
change	/home/nathana/Downloads/oxstormrider-Fakebook-47bbcd5/db/migrate/20120802224816_create_profiles.rb	  def change
change	/home/nathana/Downloads/oxstormrider-Fakebook-47bbcd5/db/migrate/20120815183247_add_columns_to_users.rb	  def change
change	/home/nathana/Downloads/oxstormrider-Fakebook-47bbcd5/db/migrate/20120814120857_create_relationships.rb	  def change
create	/home/nathana/Downloads/oxstormrider-Fakebook-47bbcd5/app/controllers/relationships_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/nathana/Downloads/oxstormrider-Fakebook-47bbcd5/app/controllers/participacao_eventos_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/nathana/Downloads/oxstormrider-Fakebook-47bbcd5/app/controllers/profiles_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/nathana/Downloads/oxstormrider-Fakebook-47bbcd5/app/controllers/eventos_controller.rb	  def create
destroy	/home/nathana/Downloads/oxstormrider-Fakebook-47bbcd5/app/controllers/relationships_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/nathana/Downloads/oxstormrider-Fakebook-47bbcd5/app/controllers/participacao_eventos_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/nathana/Downloads/oxstormrider-Fakebook-47bbcd5/app/controllers/profiles_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/nathana/Downloads/oxstormrider-Fakebook-47bbcd5/app/controllers/eventos_controller.rb	  def destroy
down	/home/nathana/Downloads/oxstormrider-Fakebook-47bbcd5/db/migrate/20120819193750_add_criador.rb	  def down
edit	/home/nathana/Downloads/oxstormrider-Fakebook-47bbcd5/app/controllers/participacao_eventos_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/home/nathana/Downloads/oxstormrider-Fakebook-47bbcd5/app/controllers/profiles_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/home/nathana/Downloads/oxstormrider-Fakebook-47bbcd5/app/controllers/eventos_controller.rb	  def edit
error_messages	/home/nathana/Downloads/oxstormrider-Fakebook-47bbcd5/app/helpers/error_messages_helper.rb	    def error_messages(options = {})
error_messages_for	/home/nathana/Downloads/oxstormrider-Fakebook-47bbcd5/app/helpers/error_messages_helper.rb	  def error_messages_for(*objects)
facebook	/home/nathana/Downloads/oxstormrider-Fakebook-47bbcd5/app/controllers/users/omniauth_callbacks_controller.rb	  def facebook
find_for_facebook_oauth	/home/nathana/Downloads/oxstormrider-Fakebook-47bbcd5/app/models/user.rb	def self.find_for_facebook_oauth(auth, signed_in_resource=nil)
follow!	/home/nathana/Downloads/oxstormrider-Fakebook-47bbcd5/app/models/profile.rb	  def follow!(other_profile)
following?	/home/nathana/Downloads/oxstormrider-Fakebook-47bbcd5/app/models/profile.rb	  def following?(other_profile)
index	/home/nathana/Downloads/oxstormrider-Fakebook-47bbcd5/app/controllers/home_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/nathana/Downloads/oxstormrider-Fakebook-47bbcd5/app/controllers/participacao_eventos_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/nathana/Downloads/oxstormrider-Fakebook-47bbcd5/app/controllers/profiles_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/nathana/Downloads/oxstormrider-Fakebook-47bbcd5/app/controllers/eventos_controller.rb	  def index
javascript	/home/nathana/Downloads/oxstormrider-Fakebook-47bbcd5/app/helpers/layout_helper.rb	  def javascript(*args)
new	/home/nathana/Downloads/oxstormrider-Fakebook-47bbcd5/app/controllers/participacao_eventos_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/nathana/Downloads/oxstormrider-Fakebook-47bbcd5/app/controllers/profiles_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/nathana/Downloads/oxstormrider-Fakebook-47bbcd5/app/controllers/eventos_controller.rb	  def new
new_with_session	/home/nathana/Downloads/oxstormrider-Fakebook-47bbcd5/app/models/user.rb	def self.new_with_session(params, session)
participar	/home/nathana/Downloads/oxstormrider-Fakebook-47bbcd5/app/controllers/eventos_controller.rb	  def participar
pesquisa	/home/nathana/Downloads/oxstormrider-Fakebook-47bbcd5/app/controllers/eventos_controller.rb	  def pesquisa
show	/home/nathana/Downloads/oxstormrider-Fakebook-47bbcd5/app/controllers/participacao_eventos_controller.rb	  def show
show	/home/nathana/Downloads/oxstormrider-Fakebook-47bbcd5/app/controllers/profiles_controller.rb	  def show
show	/home/nathana/Downloads/oxstormrider-Fakebook-47bbcd5/app/controllers/eventos_controller.rb	  def show
show2	/home/nathana/Downloads/oxstormrider-Fakebook-47bbcd5/app/controllers/eventos_controller.rb	  def show2
show_title?	/home/nathana/Downloads/oxstormrider-Fakebook-47bbcd5/app/helpers/layout_helper.rb	  def show_title?
stylesheet	/home/nathana/Downloads/oxstormrider-Fakebook-47bbcd5/app/helpers/layout_helper.rb	  def stylesheet(*args)
test_homepage	/home/nathana/Downloads/oxstormrider-Fakebook-47bbcd5/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	  def test_homepage
title	/home/nathana/Downloads/oxstormrider-Fakebook-47bbcd5/app/helpers/layout_helper.rb	  def title(page_title, show_title = true)
unfollow!	/home/nathana/Downloads/oxstormrider-Fakebook-47bbcd5/app/models/profile.rb	  def unfollow!(other_profile)
up	/home/nathana/Downloads/oxstormrider-Fakebook-47bbcd5/db/migrate/20120819193750_add_criador.rb	  def up
update	/home/nathana/Downloads/oxstormrider-Fakebook-47bbcd5/app/controllers/participacao_eventos_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/nathana/Downloads/oxstormrider-Fakebook-47bbcd5/app/controllers/profiles_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/nathana/Downloads/oxstormrider-Fakebook-47bbcd5/app/controllers/eventos_controller.rb	  def update
with_profile	/home/nathana/Downloads/oxstormrider-Fakebook-47bbcd5/app/models/user.rb	def with_profile
